doc: update release check list to align to applied practices (#254)
oras-project/oras-www: docs/community/developer_guide.mdx

This section needs a lot of love and automation 🙂

:::
### Prerequisites
1. Make sure your GPG is available on GitHub at `https://github.com/<username>.gpg`. This can be added at https://github.com/settings/keys.

>   -  If you haven't already, open PR to add your GPG key to the [`KEYS`](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/KEYS) file (see file for instructions).

Reviewer: Those bulleted lists are not properly rendered as there is no indentation.

> 2. Open a bump PR to build with the latest golang: replace go version of the [binary](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/.github/workflows/release-github.yml#L32) and [image](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/Dockerfile#L14) to match the latest stable version.

Reviewer 2: Is this step optional? I assume the Golang version should be updated to the latest stable version only when ORAS is behind the latest version of Golang.

Author: Good catch. But this is a MUST action for checking but OPTIONAL action depends on the Golang update, how should we put that?

Author: Added a description claiming that it's skippable if latest version is already in use @FeynmanZhou Can you confirm and resolve this comment.

> 2. Open a bump PR to build with the latest golang: replace go version of the [binary](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/.github/workflows/release-github.yml#L32) and [image](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/Dockerfile#L14) to match the latest stable version.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Open a bump PR to build with the latest golang: replace go version of the [binary](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/.github/workflows/release-github.yml#L32) and [image](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/Dockerfile#L14) to match the latest stable version.
```
These should automatically number when rendered

Author: The auto-numbering fails when there are bullet points, so I numbered those manually.

Author: Looks like the indention of bullet points are not right, updated and the auto-number works. Thanks for the suggestion.

> 3. (patch-only) Cherry-pick the fix commits to the release branch.

Reviewer 2: What does "patch-only" mean? Why do we do a cherry-pick only for bugfix commits? Is this doc for cutting a patch release?

Author: the latter. Updated the description.

> 3. (patch-release-only) Cherry-pick the fix commits to the patch release branch.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. (patch-release-only) Cherry-pick the fix commits to the patch release branch.
```

> 3. (patch-release-only) Cherry-pick the fix commits to the patch release branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. (patch-release-only) Cherry-pick or backport the fix commits to the patch release branch.
```

Reviewer: Ref: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backporting

### Request to vote
1. Open a release PR to update oras version: replace [current version](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/internal/version/version.go#L20) with upcoming release version.
    - The target branch is:
        - `main` if releasing a new version.
        - `release-<major>.<minor>` if releasing a patch.
    - The title should be `bump: tag and release ORAS CLI v<major>.<minor>.<patch>[-<pre-release>]`.

>     - The description must reference the digest of version bump up commit for voting.

Reviewer 3: Do we want to use `/vote`?

Author: No we cannot, since we only want maintainer to vote in the bump PR but `/vote` allows anyone to click.

> 2. Send a message to slack channel to call for vote on releasing. If the vote passes, merge the PR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Send a message to the ORAS slack channel to call for a vote on the release PR. If the vote PR has a super-majority of approval from ORAS maintainers, then the PR could be merged.
```

- The target commit should be the SHA digest of the last commit in the release PR
- Make sure that
  - the PR is merged with `Create a merge commit` option.

>   - signoff info is added to the merge commit.

Reviewer 2: Should we manually retrieve the git commit sign-off information and paste the commit comment?

Author: Are you suggesting adding an example here? It's releaser specific and might change if the releaser changes.

> 4. (optional) Cut off a release branch named `release-<major>.<minor>` **ONLY** when releasing a new minor version.

Reviewer: Cut off a release branch on the tagged commit

### Release

> 1. Make a fresh clone of the repo after all above steps are completed. Create a new tag for the version prefixed with "v" and push the tag directly to the repo. The tag should be created on the voted commit, **NOT** the merge commit.

Reviewer 2: Should we state that the following steps are executed on the `main` branch of the upstream ORAS repository (https://github.com/oras-project/oras/)?

Author: Added link to the upstream repository. Actually, the following steps will not be executed on `main` branch if it's a patch release. But it's already clear enough since all input depends on the bump commit digest.

This section needs a lot of love and automation 🙂

:::
### Prerequisites
1. Make sure your GPG is available on GitHub at `https://github.com/<username>.gpg`. This can be added at https://github.com/settings/keys.

>     -  If you haven't already, open PR to add your GPG key to the [`KEYS`](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/KEYS) file (see file for instructions).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    -  If you haven't already, open a PR to add your GPG key to the [`KEYS`](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/KEYS) file (see file for instructions).
```

1. Open a bump PR to build with the latest golang: replace go version of the [binary](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/.github/workflows/release-github.yml#L32) and [image](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/Dockerfile#L14) to match the latest stable version. Skippable if the latest version is already used.
1. (patch-release-only) Cherry-pick or backport the fix commits to the patch release branch. Make sure applicable critical and high CVE patches are on the release branch.

### Request to vote

> 1. Open a release PR to update oras version: replace [current version](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/internal/version/version.go#L20) with upcoming release version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Open a release PR to update the `oras` version: replace the [current version](https://github.com/oras-project/oras/blob/main/internal/version/version.go#L20) with the upcoming release version.
```

        gpg --verify $file
    done
    ```
1. Click the "Edit release" button on the release, and add the `.asc` files created in the previous step. Edit the release description to include change logs and a note indicating releaser's GPG key used to sign the artifacts. Example (replace with releaser's fingerprint etc.):

>     ```

Reviewer 3: We have a https://oras.land/docs/how_to_guides/verifying_binaries document now, link it here somewhere?

Author: Added right after this action

        gpg --verify $file
    done
    ```

> 1. Click the "Edit release" button on the release, and add the `.asc` files created in the previous step. Edit the release description to include change logs and a note indicating releaser's GPG key used to sign the artifacts. Example (replace with releaser's fingerprint etc.):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click the "Edit release" button on the release, and add the `.asc` files created in the previous step. Edit the release description to include change logs and a note indicating the releaser's GPG key used to sign the artifacts. See an example:
```

Reviewer 2: We may not need to indicate to replace it since this is an example and it's intuitive enough
